CNV-42747: Added a note about OCP 4.16 (#88204)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-preventing-workload-updates-during-control-plane-only-update.adoc

When you update from one Extended Update Support (EUS) version to the next, you must manually disable automatic workload updates to prevent {VirtProductName} from migrating or evicting workloads during the update process.

[IMPORTANT]
====
In {product-title} 4.16, the underlying {op-system-first} upgraded to version 9.4 of {op-system-base-full}. To operate correctly, all `virt-launcher` pods in the cluster need to use the same version of {op-system-base}.

After upgrading to {product-title} 4.16 from an earlier version, re-enable workload updates in {VirtProductName} to allow `virt-launcher` pods to update. Before upgrading to the next {product-title} version, verify that all VMIs use up-to-date workloads:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get kv kubevirt-kubevirt-hyperconverged -o json -n openshift-cnv | jq .status.outdatedVirtualMachineInstanceWorkloads

> 0

Reviewer: output.

> 0

Author: Thank you, I explain the expected output in the very next sentence so I don't think the output line is actually needed. I just pushed an update that removes it from the code block.

----

> If the previous command returns a value larger than 0, list all VMIs with outdated `virt-launcher` pods and live migrate them to a new version manually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the previous command returns a value larger than `0`, list all VMIs with outdated `virt-launcher` pods and live migrate them to a new version manually:
```

Author: Fixed as suggested, thank you.

> If the previous command returns a value larger than 0, list all VMIs with outdated `virt-launcher` pods and live migrate them to a new version manually:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the previous command returns a value larger than 0, list all VMIs with outdated `virt-launcher` pods and manually use live migration to migrate them to a new version:
```

I'm not sure if "live migration" should be used as a verb.

Author: There are 5 occurrences of this across the OpenShift docs, which is why I initially tolerated it, but you are right. I rephrased it with a proper verb.

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get vmi -l kubevirt.io/outdatedLauncherImage --all-namespaces
----

> For the list of supported {product-title} releases and the {op-system-base} versions they use, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6907891[RHEL Versions Utilized by RHEL CoreOS and OCP].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the list of supported {product-title} releases and the {op-system-base} versions they use, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6907891[RHEL Versions Utilized by {op-system-bas} CoreOS and {product-title}].
```

Reviewer 2: Best to stick with OpenShift Container PLatform as OCP is kind of outlawed in our docs. I understand the title in the source page does state "OCP".

See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#red-hat-openshift-container-platform

Author: Fixed, I know about the style guide but feel icky about faking the titles of linked articles. That said, if that is the preferred way, I used a different combination of attributes to use abbreviated versions of products that have already been introduced.

.Next steps

> * You can now unpause the worker nodes' machine config pools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Unpause the machine config pools for each compute node.
```

See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#compute-node.

Reviewer 2: Is the next steps related to the "Configuring workload update methods" section? If not, maybe hyperlink the sentence?

Author: Fixed as suggested, thank you. This is in a part that I did not review but the entire assembly has problems. Rather than trying to hyperlink things here, I'd really like to take a look at the whole assembly after the release and ensure that the information flows logically.
